# Message + Preview

hey, this is "project campbell" and this is a project that is coming soon to show you how hackers or should i say "skids" steal passwords, cyrpto, money .etc
sadly after this i will no longer work on it

# Features



    Discord Info
        Token
        Nitro
        Billing
        2FA
        Email
        Phone
        Gift Codes
        Backup Codes

    Browser Data
        Cookies
        Passwords
        History
        Credit/Debit Cards

    Game Data
        Minecraft Session Info
        Roblox Cookie & Other Data

    Discord Injection
        Sends token, password & email on user login or when user changes password

    System info
        User
        OS
        System
        Network IP
        Wifi
        Mac
        Hwid
        PC Specs
        Screenshot

    General Functions
        Checks if being run in a virustotal sandbox/virtual machine
        Checks for blacklisted users, pc names, HWIDs, IPs, MACs and Processes
        Adds file to startup
        Anti Spam
        Fake Error
        Obfuscation
        Icon
        Low Detections
        Bypass Token Protector
        File Pumper
        Self Destruct
        

# How to install "project campbell"


# Infomation

Please do not use the program maliciously. This program is intended to be used for educational purposes only. Project Campbell is only used to demonstrate what type of information attackers can grab from a user's computer. This is a project was created to make it easier for malware analysts or ordinary users to understand how credential grabbing works and can be used for analysis, research, reverse engineering, or review.

What is malware?

    Malware is a term that is used for malicious software that is designed to do damage or unwanted actions to a computer system.

An explanation of this tool:

Google Chrome always store user data in the same place, so the stealer generated by Project Campbell has no problem in finding it. In theory at least, this data is stored in encrypted form. However, if the malware has already penetrated the system, then its actions are done in your name.

Therefore, the malware simply finds a way to decrypt information stored on your computer (by making it seem like thie user is requesting it) . The stealer gets all your passwords and cookies.

The tool is also able to find Roblox cookies that are stored in the Windows Registry. By running the malicious .exe file, it is able to search for the Roblox cookie. The same goes for Minecraft sessions, Discord tokens, etc since it is stored in the user's computer.

Recommended tools for testing Project Campbell: (when running the produced output after building)

    Virtualbox
    VMware
    Process Hacker
    VirusTotal

Tips to check if an exe file is safe:

    Analyze the file with VirusTotal
    Check if the exe file has a publisher
    Check it in a sandbox
    Monitor the file’s network activity for strange behavior


# WARNING

Nobody who has helped on the project including me are NOT RESPONSIBLE for any damage or trouble you/your device get into.


# Credits

Everything made by me
